Questionnaire:

Please answer the following questions about the robot and your interaction with it:

Write an ‘X’ on each line (on one of the dots):

How close do you feel to the robot?

Not at all 	•	•	•	•	•	•	•	Very close
	close

How satisfied are you with the robott?

not at all 	•	•	•	•	•	•	•	very satisfied

How much would you like to continue working with the robot?

Not at all 	•	•	•	•	•	•	•	Very much

How much do you trust the robot?

not at all	•	•	•	•	•	•	•	very much

How much do you like the robot?

not at all 	•	•	•	•	•	•	•	very much

Was the robot repetitive?

not at all 	•	•	•	•	•	•	•	very repetitious


How easy was talking to the robot?

easy  	 •	•	•	•	•	•	•	difficult

How interesting was the robot?

boring   	•	•	•	•	•	•	•	interesting

Please rate the following statements on a scale of 1-7, where 1 is complete disagreement and 7 is complete agreement.

The robot does not understand what we are trying to accomplish.

I believe the time that the robot and I are spending together is not spent efficiently.

I find what I am doing with the robot confusing.

The robot perceives accurately what my goals are.

I understand the robot, and I think it understands me, at least in the best way it can.

The robot and I are working towards mutually agreed-upon goals.

I am confident in the robot's ability to help me.

I feel that the robot, in its own unique ways, is genuinely concerned about me.

The robot and I collaborate on setting goals for us to work on.

The robot does not understand what I am trying to accomplish.

I find what the robot and I are doing is unrelated to my goals.

The robot and I agree on what is important for us to work on.

The robot understands some of my feelings and takes them into account in our collaboration.

The robot is sometimes confused about what I feel about our activities.

The robot does not understand how I feel during our collaboration.

I trust the robot to perform appropriately in our collaboration.

I trust the robot to assess my feelings appropriately in our collaboration.

I am satisfied with the outcome of our collaboration.

I believe that the robot and I achieved the goals we set.

 


